<think>We have five persons: Alice, Bob, Carol, Dave, Eve. They sit in a row of 5 chairs, positions: 1,2,3,4,5. "Left" means lower numbered seat. We have clues:
1. Bob is not at either end.
2. Alice is somewhere to the left of Dave.
3. Carol is immediately next to Bob.
4. Eve is at one of the ends.
5. There is exactly one person between Alice and Carol.

We are to determine seating order from left to right, given clues, so we need to find a seating order that satisfies conditions.

Let's re-read and analyze each clue:

Clue 1: Bob is not at either end. So his seat must be among positions 2, 3, or 4.
Clue 2: Alice is somewhere to the left of Dave. So if Dave is in a seat index greater than Alice. Not necessarily adjacent, just left means earlier seat.
Clue 3: Carol is immediately next to Bob. That means Carol must be either left or right neighbor to Bob's seat. So if Bob is at seat i, then Carol is either seat i-1 or i+1.
Clue 4: Eve is at one of the ends. So Eve is either seat 1 or seat 5.
Clue 5: There is exactly one person between Alice and Carol. So the positions of Alice and Carol must have exactly one seat gap between them. That means if Alice is in seat i, then Carol must be in seat i+2 or i-2 (provided seats exist).

I need to consider possible positions. Let's denote positions: 1,2,3,4,5. I'll denote persons by A, B, C, D, E.

I'll denote by possible seating order: A, B, C, D, E for some ordering that obeys the conditions.

Plan: Because Eve must be at an end, let's consider two possibilities: Eve at left end (position 1) or Eve at right end (position 5). And Bob is not at ends, so Bob must be in one of positions 2,3,4. Carol must be next to Bob. Let me attempt one possibility: Suppose Eve is at position 1, then we have Bob in positions 2,3,4, and then conditions must hold.

I'll try positions: Let me denote positions: 
1: Eve, then unknown for positions 2,3,4,5. Clue: Bob is not at either end, so Bob can be in positions 2,3,4. And Carol is adjacent to Bob. And exactly one person between Alice and Carol.

Also clue 2: Alice is to left of Dave. And positions must be determined.

Let's denote positions: let E fixed at pos1. Then try Bob in pos2. If Bob is in pos2, then Carol must be adjacent to Bob. Carol can be pos1 or pos3. But pos1 is already Eve. So Carol must be pos3. But then check clue 5: There is exactly one person between Alice and Carol. That means the seats between A and C must be exactly one. Which positions can be: if Carol in pos3, then possible A's positions are pos1 or pos5? But pos1 is already Eve and Bob. Wait, if Carol is pos3, then if there's exactly one person between Alice and Carol, then the possible positions for Alice are pos1 or pos5? Because to have exactly one seat in between, positions must be i and i+2. So if Carol = pos3, then Alice could be pos1 (3-2=1) or pos5 (3+2=5). But pos1 is taken by Eve. So maybe Alice in pos5, then ordering becomes: pos1=Eve, pos2=Bob, pos3=Carol, pos4=?, pos5=Alice. Then remaining person: Dave must go in pos4. But check clue 2: Alice must be left of Dave. But pos5 is not left of pos4, so that's false. Alternatively, Carol in pos2? But we already set Bob at pos2 so that's not possible. Let's try Bob in pos2, but then maybe Carol is not possible? Because Bob is at pos2, Carol has only neighbor pos1 or pos3. But pos1 is Eve, so must be pos3. And then clue 5: exactly one person between Alice and Carol. So if Carol= pos3, then possible positions for A are pos1 or pos5. But pos1 is Eve, so pos5. Then left: pos4 must be Dave? But then check clue 2: Alice is to left of Dave. But pos5 is not left of pos4. So not works.

Maybe try Bob in pos3 instead.

Case: E is in pos1, Bob in pos3, then Carol can be either pos2 or pos4 because adjacent to Bob. Let's attempt one possibility: If Carol= pos2, then check clue 5: exactly one person between Alice and Carol. That means if Carol= pos2, then possible positions for A are pos4? Because if there is exactly one person between pos2 and pos4, then pos3 is between them. But pos3 is Bob. But that's fine if Bob is not Alice. But wait, condition "exactly one person between Alice and Carol" means the distance between positions is 2. So if Carol=2, then A must be either 4 (with 3 in between) or maybe 0 which doesn't exist. So A must be pos4. Then what is left: Bob= pos3, Carol= pos2, A= pos4, E= pos1, remaining person Dave must be pos5. But then check clue 2: Alice is left of Dave? But pos4 is left of pos5, so that works. And check clue 1: Bob is not at either end, yes, pos3. And clue 3: Carol is adjacent to Bob, yes, pos2 and pos3 are adjacent. And clue 4: Eve is an end, yes, pos1 is end. So the ordering: pos1: Eve, pos2: Carol, pos3: Bob, pos4: Alice, pos5: Dave. But wait, check clue 5: exactly one person between A and C. But here A= pos4 and C= pos2, the gap between pos2 and pos4 is one, which is Bob, so yes. However, check clue 2: Alice is to the left of Dave, that is pos4 < pos5 so it's okay. But does order "Alice" come to left of Dave? Yes, pos4 is left of pos5.

But wait, check clue 5: exactly one person between Alice and Carol. In that ordering, the distance between Carol (pos2) and Alice (pos4) is exactly one person (pos3: Bob). So it satisfies. But wait, then clue 2: Alice is somewhere to the left of Dave. That is satisfied.

We also had possibility: Bob in pos3, Carol in pos4 possibility. Let's check that alternative possibility: If Bob= pos3, and let Carol be pos4 instead. Then clue 5: exactly one person between Alice and Carol means if Carol= pos4 then possible positions for A are pos2? Because pos2 is two away (with pos3 in between). Or possibly pos6 doesn't exist, so only option is pos2. So then order becomes: pos1: Eve, pos2: Alice, pos3: Bob, pos4: Carol, pos5: Dave. But then check clue 2: Alice must be left of Dave, pos2 is left of pos5 so that's ok. Check clue 3: Carol is adjacent to Bob, pos4 is next to pos3, that's good. But does clue 5: exactly one person between A and C, in that ordering, the distance between pos2 and pos4 is 1 person (pos3: Bob) so yes. But then check Bob is not at either end, yes, pos3. And Eve is at one of the ends, pos1 is an end. So ordering: pos1: Eve, pos2: Alice, pos3: Bob, pos4: Carol, pos5: Dave. That ordering satisfies all clues. Let's check clue 2 carefully: "Alice is somewhere to the left of Dave", and yes, pos2 is left of pos5. So ordering works. But then we have two possible orders from when E= pos1.

Wait, check: Our case with E at pos1 has two possibilities from Bob= pos3: (a) Carol in pos2 or (b) Carol in pos4. But in case (a) ordering: pos1: Eve, pos2: Carol, pos3: Bob, pos4: A, pos5: D. But then clue 5: exactly one person between A and C, distance between pos2 and pos4 is exactly one (pos3 is in between)? Actually wait, check: There's exactly one person between pos2 and pos4? That would require that the person in between pos2 and pos4 is position 3. That works. But then clue 2: Alice (pos4) is to left of Dave (pos5) so it's satisfied. But then is clue 5: exactly one person between Alice and Carol? In that ordering, the distance between Carol and Alice is pos2 and pos4, which is exactly one seat in between which is pos3. So yes. But wait, we must check the relative ordering of Alice and Carol: "Alice is somewhere to the left of Dave", but that doesn't involve Carol. Clue 5 is "There is exactly one person between Alice and Carol." So that means if A and C are fixed, then if A is pos4 and C is pos2, then the condition is satisfied if they are separated by exactly one person, i.e. the difference in positions is 2. But wait, the condition is: exactly one person sits between them, not necessarily that they are in positions that differ by 2? Actually yes, if they are in consecutive chairs with one seat between them, the difference is 2. But if A= pos2 and C= pos5, then there are 2 persons in between, so not allowed. So indeed, positions must differ by 2.

Now check ordering (a): pos1: Eve, pos2: Carol, pos3: Bob, pos4: Alice, pos5: Dave. Check: Bob is not at either end (pos3) OK, Carol adjacent to Bob (pos2 is adjacent to pos3) OK, Alice is left of Dave (pos4 left of pos5) OK, exactly one person between A and C: difference between pos2 and pos4 is 2 seats apart, which means exactly one person is between them? Actually wait, if Carol is at pos2 and Alice at pos4, then the seats between them are pos3 only, that's exactly one. So ordering works.
Now ordering (b): pos1: Eve, pos2: Alice, pos3: Bob, pos4: Carol, pos5: Dave. Check: Bob is not at either end (pos3) OK, Carol is adjacent to Bob (pos4 is adjacent to pos3) OK, Alice is left of Dave (pos2 left of pos5) OK, exactly one person between A and C: difference between pos2 and pos4 is 2 chairs apart, so exactly one seat in between. That works as well.

Wait, are both orderings valid? Let's re-check each condition in both orderings:

For ordering (a): E, C, B, A, D.
- Condition 1: Bob (B) is not at either end: Bob is in pos3, so
